Disable sourceContext option to make build work. (#8497)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/source-context/java.mdx

</PlatformSection>

### Source Context for Generated Code

> In case you have a code generation step in your build (e.g. Quarkus) you will face an error similiar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a code generation step in your build (e.g. Quarkus) you will see an error similar to this:
```

```
Task ':xxx:sentryCollectSourcesJava' uses this output of task ':xxx:quarkusGenerateCode' without declaring an explicit or implicit dependency. This can lead to incorrect results being produced, depending on what order the tasks are executed.
```

> To resolve this you need to declare a task dependency for `sentryCollectSourcesJava` on code generation tasks that exist in your build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this, declare a task dependency for `sentryCollectSourcesJava` on code generation tasks that exist in your build:
```
